Hello and welcome to this art Tauriel.
So we're still trying as hard as we can to simplify the corpus in order to reduce the future sparse
matrix of features as much as possible.
And so far we put all the words in lower cases.
We removed all the numbers and removed all the punctuation.
And in today's tutorial we're going to remove all the non-relevant words of our reviews.
So what is a non-relevant word.
It's for example this word here.
Indeed if we know that this first review Well look this place is a positive review.
It's not thanks to this word.
It's of course thanks to the luffed word.
So that means that this word here is not a relevant word.
And so it's totally non-relevant for us and not useful to include it in the future sparse matrix that
will be nothing else than the matrix of features and the outcome whether the review is positive or negative.
So that's what we'll do in this tutorial.
We will remove all these non-relevant words and we will update our corpus of reviews by removing all
these works.
All right so same as before.
Very simply we take this line copy and pasted below.
And in this line we're going to replace remove punctuation by remove words but that's not all this time
it's not as simple as before.
We need to add something which is a something that will specify which words we want to remove.
And actually there is a built in list of non-relevant words that is called Stop words and that basically
contains all the non-relevant words like this.
All those articles prepositions like and or well you know all these words that don't help the machine
learning algorithm figure out to read use positive or negative.
So this list of non-relevant words in the Stoppard's list is practically always used in natural language
processing because indeed these words will never help you or your algorithm to classify your text so
you will most of the time use it.
And therefore that's a very important step because of course that simplifies the corpus and reduces
the future sparse matrix very much so as I just said this is not what we only need to input in this
DMA function we need to input a third parameter and that corresponds to the words we want to remove.
There is all the non-relevant words and these words are in this stop word function.
All right.
So basically this returns all the words that are not relevant for our model and therefore thanks to
this function here we will remove all the words returned by this Stoppard's function.
All right so that's all for this line of code but we need to add a little something.
Well especially for you if you're doing natural language processing for the first time which is a library
that we need to install and import to be able to use this upwards function because this function is
not included in the default package of our So we need to install the required package to use this function
and this package actually has a funny name.
It is called Snowbowl C and so let's now install this package so we can you know copy this line paste
it here and in this quote here in the parenthesis when put snowball so it's spelled this way snowball
and then C..
All right.
So right now it's incomings But you know check in your package list.
If you already have this snow package we never know.
And if you don't have it well you can execute this line without the command to install the package.
All right.
And now of course as usual we'll import the package automatically thanks to this library function.
So we were all saying copy this line pasted below and replace T.M. by actually Snowbowl see all right
snowball see now the required package are installed and imported to be able to use the Stoppard's function.
So everything is all good.
And now let's try it on the first review because the first review contains some irrelevant words like
this here.
It might be the only word that is removed because you know wow might not be a word of this Stoppard's
list because you know the Stoppard's list is a list of common words like articles and prepositions common
words but irrelevant words.
And while it's not coming so it might not be removed.
But definitely this will be removed because this is a common and non-relevant word.
So let's check it out.
We will select this line and execute.
Here we go.
And now let's have a look at the first review by pressing the up arrow.
Here it is.
Let's press enter.
And as I just said this was removed.
So now the first review becomes Wow loved place.
And you know even if we really simplify the review no.
Now it doesn't look the same as the original review.
Well we can still understand that it's a positive review and especially our machinery model will understand
it very well and that will be things to this.
I loved word here which is a word that of course might be present in some other reviews which themselves
will be positive reviews as well.
So that's how our machine learning algorithm will understand that love indicates a positive review and
therefore that's all it needs to establish that kind of correlations.
And this is totally unuseful.
And we were right to remove it.
All right so that's done for the step.
That was another very important step but that's not all in the next tutorial toile we'll do.
Another very important step which is this stemming step.
And so I explain what it is and how we perform this new clean step in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy machine learning.